Add various settings (#183)
DavidXanatos/sandboxie-docs: docs/Content/SbieCtrl_HideMessage.md

# SbieCtrl_HideMessage 

> SbieCtrl_HideMessage is a user setting in [Sandboxie Ini](SandboxieIni.md). It specifies which of the SBIE messages should be hidden from popping up

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SbieCtrl_HideMessage is a user setting in [Sandboxie Ini](SandboxieIni.md). It specifies which of the SBIE messages should be hidden from popping up.
```

```
   .
   .
   .
   [UserSettings_054A02CE]
   SbieCtrl_HideMessage=1101
   SbieCtrl_HideMessage=1102,Example Message
```

> The first parameter is mandatory, specifies the id of the SBIE Messages to be hidden.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first parameter is mandatory and specifies the ID number of the [SBIE Messages](SBIEMessages.md) to be hidden.
```

> The second parameter is optional, displayed as "Message Text" in UI. Notice: Even if this is configured, All messages of such will be hidden regardless of its text.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The second parameter is optional, displayed as "Message Text" in UI.
```

I have doubts about the second sentence. Does it mean that there is no point in setting the second parameter?

Author: If you set it it will be shown in GUI, not if not set, see image attached:
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d1ee5747-daf5-4888-a094-715eefd59fba)

Author: ~~Yes the second parameter may be regarded useless considering [all messages of this id will be hidden](https://github.com/sandboxie-plus/sandboxie-docs/blob/63676e86af30e40d0af53642a9bff7454528f776/docs/Content/ConfigureMenu.md?plain=1#L77)~~

In sbie plus it seems not the case?
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d749e23f-c2d3-4af9-b0bd-ce5acdd757f3)

Author: Did some changes considering this situation.
Also checked all messages of the instance will be hidden if second parameter is not set.

Author: ![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f4f4f7a3-b55e-4e8f-abcf-ad225b63bb68)

So we maybe change the text info of sbie plus gui as well?
(Agreeing to this prompt will set the text along with the ID

> The second parameter is optional, displayed as "Message Text" in UI. In SBIE plus if it is set only messages with text matching will be hidden, otherwise all instances of this message will be hidden.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The second parameter is optional. If specified in Sandboxie Plus, only messages that match the text will be hidden, otherwise all occurrences of the message will be hidden.
```

> Related Sandboxie Plus setting: Global Settings > General Config > Notifications > SBIE Messages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Related Sandboxie Plus setting: Global Settings > General Config > Notifications > SBIE Messages

Related [Sandboxie Control](SandboxieControl.md) setting: [Messages From Sandboxie](MessagesFromSandboxie.md) pop-up window
```

# SbieCtrl_HideMessage 

> SbieCtrl_HideMessage is a user setting in [Sandboxie Ini](SandboxieIni.md). It specifies which of the SBIE messages should be hidden from popping up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SbieCtrl_HideMessage is a user setting in [Sandboxie Ini](SandboxieIni.md). It specifies which of the [SBIE Messages](SBIEMessages.md) should be hidden from popping up.
```

```
   .
   .
   .
   [UserSettings_054A02CE]
   SbieCtrl_HideMessage=1101
   SbieCtrl_HideMessage=1102,Example Message
```

> The first parameter is mandatory and specifies the ID number of the [SBIE Messages](SBIEMessages.md) to be hidden.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first parameter is mandatory and specifies the ID number of the _SBIE Messages_ to be hidden.
```
